Rootstock Name Service (RNS) Integration Guide(Hacktivator task) (#414)
rsksmart/devportal: docs/02-developers/06-integrate/03-rns/integration.md

---
sidebar_label: Integration
sidebar_position: 200
title: RIF Name Service (RNS) Integration
description: Learn how to integrate RNS into your dApp
tags: [rns, integrate, integration guide, rif, sdk]
---

> This guide explains how to integrate the **RIF Name Service (RNS)** into your dApp to enable human-readable names for blockchain addresses.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide demonstrates how to integrate the **RIF Name Service (RNS)** into your dApp to enable human-readable names for blockchain addresses.  
```

> By integrating RNS, you can let users register new domains, resolve existing ones, and simplify wallet or marketplace interactions by replacing long hexadecimal addresses with simple names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By integrating RNS, you enable users register new domains, resolve existing ones, and simplify wallet or marketplace interactions by replacing long hexadecimal addresses with simple names.
```
